Added cgroups note for v01.5 and prior (#6042)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

Docker version 20.10.6, build 370c289
```

> ### Minimum requirements for docker version have not been met on Mac OS

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
### Minimum requirements for Docker version have not been met on macOS
```

Author: Done.

```

> Error: EKS Anywhere does not support Docker desktop versions between 4.3.0 and 4.4.1 on macOS

Reviewer 2: nit: 
```suggestion
Error: EKS Anywhere does not support Docker Desktop versions between 4.3.0 and 4.4.1 on macOS
```

```
```
Error: EKS Anywhere requires Docker desktop to be configured to use CGroups v1. Please  set `deprecatedCgroupv1:true` in your `~/Library/Group\\ Containers/group.com.docker/settings.json` file
```
Ensure you are running Docker Desktop 4.4.2 or newer and, if you are running EKS Anywhere v0.15 or earlier, have set `"deprecatedCgroupv1": true` in your settings.json file
```
% defaults read /Applications/Docker.app/Contents/Info.plist CFBundleShortVersionString
4.42
% docker info --format '{{json .CgroupVersion}}' 
"1"
```

### For EKS Anywhere v0.15 and earlier, cgroups v2 is not supported in Ubuntu 21.10+ and 22.04
```
ERROR: failed to create cluster: could not find a log line that matches "Reached target .*Multi-User System.*|detected cgroup v1"
```

> For EKS Anywhere v0.15 and earlier, it is recommended to use Ubuntu 20.04 for the Administrative Machine. This is because the EKS Anywhere Bootstrap cluster for those versions requires _cgroups v1_. Since Ubuntu 21.10 _cgroups v2_ is enabled by default. You can use Ubuntu 21.10 and 22.04 for the Administrative machine if you configure Ubuntu to use _cgroups v1_ instead.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to mention MacOS? We ship Darwin binaries and I don't think we recommend Ubuntu over Darwin per-se.
